.TH cps_get_oid.oy "1" "2018-06-11" OPX "OPX utilities"
.SH NAME
cps_get_oid.py \- Get and display CPS API objects
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY cps_get_oid.py
.OP \-h
.OP \-\-help
.OP \-qua qualifier
.OP \-d
.I object
.RI [ attr = value
.IR .\|.\|. ]
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command allows the user to get and display CPS API objects.  It performs a CPS API GET request for the given object, and prints the response in a human-readable form.
.P
The object \fIobject\fR is specified as a slash-separated pathname of the form a/b/c/..., much like a Unix pathname.  Object names are defined by the CPS API YANG models.
.P
A sequence of object attributes, in the form \fIattr\fR=\fIvalue\fR can be specified, to specify values for object attributes in the CPS API GET request.  Attributes names are of the same form as object names, a slash-separated pathname.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Print help text.
.TP
\fB\-qua\fR \fIqualifier\fR
Specify the CPS API object qualifier in the request.  The qualifier is a string, and must be one of the following: target, observed, proposed, realtime, registration, running, or startup.  If this option is not given, the default qualifier is target.
.TP
.B \-d
Print additional details about the objects parsed and sent to the backend.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.eo
# Get a specific platform entity, namely, PSU in slot 1

root@OPX:~# cps_get_oid.py -qua observed base-pas/entity base-pas/entity/entity-type=1 base-pas/entity/slot=1

============base-pas/entity==========

base-pas/entity/present = 0
base-pas/entity/insertion-timestamp = 1528396869
base-pas/entity/oper-status = 1
base-pas/entity/slot = 1
base-pas/entity/entity-type = 1
base-pas/entity/name = PSU 1
base-pas/entity/slot = 1
base-pas/entity/fault-type = 1
base-pas/entity/entity-type = 1
base-pas/entity/insertion-cnt = 1
base-pas/entity/admin-status = 1
------------------------------------------------
.ec
.fi
.SH REPORTING BUGS
To report any OPX software bugs, please refer to https://github.com/open-switch/opx-docs/wiki/Report-bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
.SH SEE ALSO
cps_model_info(1)
